hello everyone and welcome to ifa with
acer i'm happy to introduce you
the liquid s2 all newly announced
the likoud s 2 is a fable is a big
t & e tablet smartphone for
French
it's a smartphone with a screen of 6
inches full HD 1080p
so the best of the definition on a
screen of this size there as one can
see him a lot of details of
definition on on the screen on the front
always if we continue we obviously
the acer brand overhung from this smiling
curve so red smile to remind
the spirit of the brand with a camera 2
wide-angle megapixels if I can
to show you the
opportunities that this offers we get
way
quite easily enough we're also going
find the sensitive keys on the
bottom of the terminal when we pass on the
slice we find two speakers and
its two speakers are amplified
by dolby digital technology more
which is the new evolution of the
dolby software that is accompanied
also a dedicated application
allowing access to your equalizer your
preferred settings and settings
predefined on the rear panel there is a
plaque that recalls he goes presence of the
dolby digital plus acer brand
also the big sensor of 13
megapixels that can deliver the
4k videos
four cases that means ultra hd ultra
hd
these four times
the full hd that means we get
four times more details
an image four times larger and one
find this sensor surrounded by four
led for a powerful and diffuse flash
when one is in a distant subject or
in a close subject in macro mode on
see here one of the four microphones that
were also two bottom terminal
and so his four pickups are used to
have in different modes
of use a very clear sound with
active noise cancellation what wants
say active noise cancellation and who
so lets have a subpoena of
ambient noise
because we are in an environment
noisy they also allow a
clearer capture of sound especially in
your video when we're in the mode of
concert video jack for example on the
slice finally opposed we find the
volume buttons
the nano sim slot ex the port
microsd extension very important
when you want to remove save from the
video in 4k obviously that supports
up to 128 giga with standard sd xc
and finally the carrying charges why the
data transfer and loose and the
charge as I say usb 2
in terms of screens I make you a
small demonstration of the video in full
hd on the screen
in the camera we bring for example
an innovation acer with the possibility
to do an autofocus
with automatic exposure but
also to move his point
of exposure to be able to all
simply choose the level
of exhibition that one wants to give to one's
photo so more or less light this
which allows to have a picture with
constant exposure
at the video level we find
obviously the 4k the famous ultra
hd we settle here very simply and we
films at a speed of 24 frames per
second what gives you a movement
fluid
in all situations
the acia likoud s ii is a smartphone
integrating the latest developed chip
by qualcomm snapdragon 800 with a
frequency of 2.2 gigahertz parker which
gives a great fluidity of interface
accompanied by 2 gigas of ram and a
internal memory of 16 gig of rome
obviously this memory is expandable
thanks to the microsd support we
the acer liquid s 2 is available in two
colors at the end of October at
price of 549 euros ttc